README.md, before:

# Learning Symmetric Shapes
This project is based on the workshop paper ["Learning to Reconstruct Symmetric Shapes using Planar Parameterization of 3D Surface"](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/335528865_Learning_to_Reconstruct_Symmetric_Shapes_using_Planar_Parameterization_of_3D_Surface). First part of this project deals with parameterization and second deals with learning of shapes from geometry images. 

## Citation
If you find this project useful in your work, please consider citing:

    @inproceedings{jain2019learning,
      title={Learning to Reconstruct Symmetric Shapes using Planar Parameterization of 3D Surface},
      author={Jain, Hardik and Wöllhaf, Manuel and Hellwich, Olaf},
      booktitle={The IEEE International Conference on Computer Vision (ICCV) Workshops},
      year={2019}
    }

## Installation
Code for Parameterization has been written in C++ and requires:
- CGAL [Fork with Iterative Parameterization Implementation](https://github.com/hrdkjain/cgal/tree/Iterative_authalic_parameterization)
- Boost
- OpenCV

Deep network code requires:
- python 
- Tensorflow (1.12).

## Usage
### Part I: Parameterization
Code contains functionality for:
- slicing the mesh (--slice)
- Iterative Surface Parameterization with **_n_** iterations (--sPI **_n_**)
- Compute Geometry Image (of size **_im_**) from the parameterized representation (--m2G **_im_**)
- Remesh point cloud from Geometry Image (--G2o)

### Part II: Learning Shapes (Coming soon)
python based functionality which contains:
- generating curvature mask from normalGI
- tensorflow model
- python scripts to train and test the model
- model trained on airplanes and cars

Commit message:

Added: Tensorflow Model, Docker image

README.md, after:

# Learning Symmetric Shapes
This project is based on the workshop paper ["Learning to Reconstruct Symmetric Shapes using Planar Parameterization of 3D Surface"](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/335528865_Learning_to_Reconstruct_Symmetric_Shapes_using_Planar_Parameterization_of_3D_Surface). First part of this project deals with parameterization and second deals with learning of shapes from geometry images. 

## Citation
If you find this project useful in your work, please consider citing:

    @inproceedings{jain2019learning,
      title={Learning to Reconstruct Symmetric Shapes using Planar Parameterization of 3D Surface},
      author={Jain, Hardik and Wöllhaf, Manuel and Hellwich, Olaf},
      booktitle={The IEEE International Conference on Computer Vision (ICCV) Workshops},
      year={2019}
    }

## Installation
Code for Parameterization has been written in C++ and requires:
- CGAL [Fork with Iterative Parameterization Implementation](https://github.com/hrdkjain/cgal/tree/Iterative_authalic_parameterization)
- Boost
- OpenCV

Deep network code is based on Tensorflow and is tested on Ubuntu with:
- python (3.5.2)
- tensorflow-gpu (1.14)
- scikit-image (0.15.0)
- numpy (1.16.5)
- natsort
- tqdm

## Usage
### Part I: Parameterization
Code contains functionality for:
- slicing the mesh (--slice)
- Iterative Surface Parameterization with **_n_** iterations (--sPI **_n_**)
- Compute Geometry Image (of size **_im_**) from the parameterized representation (--m2G **_im_**)
- Remesh point cloud from Geometry Image (--G2o)

### Part II: Learning Shapes
python based functionality which contains:
- generating curvature mask from normalGI
- tensorflow model
- docker image
- python scripts to train and test (Coming soon) the model
- model trained on airplanes and cars (Coming soon)
